hey everybody John be here from phone
Rena right now just got in the samsung
rugby smart for AT&T it's going to be
available starting march forward to your
contract price of ninety-nine
ninety-nine a hundred dollars to
mid-range android-powered smartphones
and it's also one of the few that's
ruggedized so we're gonna do a quick
unboxing and then also some hands-on
time with the device show you what's
about turn the packaging nothing out of
the ordinary typical AT&T fashion with
the orange blue and white blue colors
theme going on you have the image of the
phone right up front and you can tell it
has some physical android buttons on the
sides you have the Rugby Smart name
right there and some fine print
information on the sides and finally in
the back you have another image of the
phone and says there's android pad
rugged smartphone for cheap it believes
only only hspa+ no LTE connectivity of
this guy here Wi-Fi capable and it's a
five megapixel autofocus camera with
720p video Intel with this guy let's
open it up here is the handset so let's
just take this guy out show you and then
you can tell right away it's a very
rugged rugged type device some fiscal
android buttons here they're that rugged
feel to a good solid feel to it instruct
it out of a plastic mostly here but it's
a very tough plastic I believe it is
meets the military specification of 810
810 app which of course just for you
know for drops you could drop it and
it's all surprisingly also waterproof up
to 3.3 feet of wool underwater so that's
one meter so you know if you take this
out you know the beach or something like
that you could you can make you could
actually use it under water for an
extended amount of time but you know
it's just nice feature that you don't
see typically with most smartphones so
you have a latch here to unlock the
battery cover see if we could use our
fingernail to do that there we go see if
we could unlock this guy first gain
access to its battery see how we get to
the battery
a good question so it looks like there's
a slot right up here let's pull it out
there we go so we have access to the
battery and the battery is a let's say
hey let's see it's a sixteen fifty
million power battery so pretty d pretty
normal sim card slot microsd card slot
right there and just put in the battery
like so and with its waterproof aspect
you got to just snap it on like so
simply get this correctly in like that
snap it in rounds and sides and then you
just lock it so water doesn't seep in if
you're around water if it's submerged so
waterproof in that aspect textured
plastic in the back give is it somewhat
of a group you feel but it's a little
bit on the slippery side but you have a
little bit of a you know a rubbery feel
on the side so you hold it it's pretty
good grasp you know it's fairly compact
you know stop thinnest out there but
it's a very easy to hold in hand so
let's power this guy on power buttons on
the side here very prominent and we will
go ahead and just get that started like
so and we'll that's load it up loading
up let's take a look and see what else
we've got nothing out of your NER get a
quick start guide the health and safety
and warranty guide and the micro USB
cable and the wall adapter that's pretty
much it so five hundred dollars not
really a whole lot to expect but that's
that's what it is here so let's take a
look at the handset now see what's all
about here so let's run down the specs
really quick care so the samsung rugby
smart features a 3.7 inch WVGA Super
AMOLED display so 480 x 800 pixels you
know very indicative of a mid-range
device nowadays Super AMOLED meaning
it's going to give you those nice punch
of colors wide beam angles all the
typical things that we find with Super
AMOLED panels in place below you have
the android buttons here fiscal you
could tell they have a rugged feel to
them
up top ear piece itself front-facing
camera on the back you have a 5
megapixel autofocus camera shoots 720p
videos LED flash you have to not just
right there for the for the speakerphone
internal speaker phone and you have
these raised corners here so if you lay
down flat in the ground like so it's
going to be raised so doesn't hit
against the plastic cover and of course
the latch right here to give it its
water proof aspect so you could submerge
it up to one meter of water and it'll
still live there up top you have a micro
like gosh a year 13 half millimeter
headset jack it's well protected you got
to make sure if you're going to be
putting this underwater the latch is
closed of course left hand side you have
a very little bit of a flat side but
still good feel to it the volume rocker
it acts also see as a flashlight here as
a flashlight indicator see if we hold
that maybe video hold now you got to
probably access it through the through
the software here and in the bottom you
have a micro USB port for charging data
connectivity again very protected yeah
the microphone right there and the right
hand side just a dedicated power button
that's pretty much it so it's running
the TouchWiz interface on top I Belize
android 2.3 Gingerbread and it's powered
I'm gonna say a 1 gigahertz processor
I'll take a look at that here in a
moment but i'll take a look which
version of android is running it is
running Android 2.3 points6 gingerbread
so gingerbread other box a word if it's
going to be upgraded to Ice Cream
Sandwich and believe the processor
should probably be looks like might be
might be a probably same processor ease
with the galaxy s2 but probably a single
core nonetheless so here's the interface
nothing abney or nair typical typical
typical um TouchWiz as we've seen on
other handsets running pretty smooth
here nice fluid movements even with the
with all the widgets in place very good
and let's see if we could see some other
applications here there are probably
some something different
we mostly apps here are pretty much what
you find another samsung smartphone so
that's nothing out the ordinary there
well that's pretty much it guys this is
the samsung rugby smart will be checking
out more see how it works and we'll have
some fun checking out underwater to see
how that how that holds up so if you
like to learn more about the samsung
rugby smart check out our website
phonearena.com this is john p thanks for
watching